application.resources use case (#1410)
MicroEJ/docs: SDK6UserGuide/testProject.rst

       "testOnDeviceMicroejVee"("com.mycompany:vee-port:1.0.0")
   }

Per-test resource embedding
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> In many tests, you need to embed only a specific model or asset rather than all available resources.  
> You can achieve this by using the ``application.resources`` property to define a per-test resource list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To embed resources for a specific test (image, model, ...), set the ``application.resources`` property in the test properties file. For example:

   application.resources=/samples/sample0.bmp;/samples/sample1.bmp;/samples/sample2.bmp
```
